Excellent.
All right, welcome along to the Foreign
Affairs Defense and Trade Committee.
Thank you again for our annual catch up
delve into the perceptions of Asia Report.
Um, great to have you along with us today. Thank you.
We have half an hour sit down for this morning's discussion.
Um, welcome to hand over to you for some
introductory comments, and then I'm sure there'll be plenty
of questions from members around the room. Thank
You. Great. Fabulous.
Thank you, chair. Thank you.
Honorable members. Uh, really lovely
to have this opportunity to present Brighton early.
Yes, thanks. Uh, I'm Suzanne Jessup,
chief Executive of the Foundation, joined by my colleague,
uh, Dr. Julie McDonald, who runs our research
and track two, uh, engagement program.
Uh, we are here to share insights on our longitudinal
research, the annual perceptions of Asia and Asian peoples.
But if it's okay, I'd like to spend, um,
the first seven minutes, uh, describing how, um,
the work we do, uh, helps broader, uh,
strategic priorities for New Zealand and helps build
and support New Zealand's all important Asia relations.
Um, Julia will then spend about the same amount of time,
and we should have 15 minutes for questions, if that's okay.
Great. Great. Um, so who we are a non-profit,
non-partisan, uh,
expert organization focused on helping New Zealanders
understand and connect to Asia.
Um, we've been doing this work for 30 years,
and we are currently a staff of 24.
Um, we work across government, uh, business
and civil society, um, both here and across Asia.
Um, obviously over the 30 years,
our programs have evolved a lot.
Um, but we currently run eight programs
where we are targeting, um, uh, young New Zealanders
and building, um, a pipeline of Asia capable Kiwis,
uh, both here and across Asia.
Um, we also run the Asia Media Center,
which is New Zealand's largest dedicated Asia news site.
Um, our networks, uh, we have 550 young leaders
and 280 entrepreneurs across New Zealand,
Southeast Asia, and India.
Uh, as you will all know, Asia is home to 60%
of the world's population,
and by 2032 thirds of, uh,
global consumers will be Asian.
Um, the region has a third of the world's top universities,
and those universities are going, um, you know,
those countries that host those universities are currently
going from net exporter of students that have ambitions
to be importers.
Um, Asia contains nearly 60%
of the world's global Gen Z population.
Uh, this younger generation who are currently in their teens
and twenties is obviously tech savvy shaped by digital media
and whose careers will be profoundly influenced by ai.
Um, at the same time, um, I'm sure this committee knows, uh,
the region is facing tensions, military build ups, um,
unprecedented military expenditure, tariffs
and protectionism, um, major power competition,
shifting alliances and so on.
And part of our job is
to not only help shine a light on these changes
and why they matter to the broader public,
but also to understand
how New Zealanders are perceiving those changes so
that it helps guide our work.
But it also helps decision makers such as yourself,
so you understand your constituents
and how the New Zealand public more
broadly is seeing these issues.
So we support New Zealand's Asia engagement
in three key ways.
The first is that we are very focused on building an Asia
capable workforce.
We offer internships across Asia,
their business internships, media internships,
and other internships that are giving young New Zealanders
real time in-country experience
to hone their skills in this all important region.
We offer targeted career development and networking.
Um, we have, uh, a big network of people like,
um, Mor will be hosting this afternoon, the head of KPMG
and Van and um, Vietnam, uh, who we can then introduce
to this pipeline
and really make sure they have valuable
connections across the region.
Secondly, we are supporting businesses, sector leaders
and creative industries, sports sector
and others to build their Asia knowledge
and their Asia connections
because we, um, can be right across sectors.
Our job is to really know the Asia region,
and we are taking, uh, decision makers
and sector leaders, pulling them together, creative sectors,
sports sectors, showing them
what the future trends are across Asia,
which countries are interesting for them, why,
who they should speak to and so on.
Um, we obviously can't do that, um, for all New Zealanders,
so we are never trying to, with 24 people trying
to reach four, 5 million New Zealanders, but we try
and use that as a demonstration effect
and then, um, let them lead across their sectors.
And third, and finally, we're helping
to strengthen New Zealand's, um,
and deepen bilateral relationships.
So we run delegations, publish research, support,
media outreach, host leadership programs, um,
and our track two diplomacy program, which Julia leads, uh,
makes sure that we have a network of candid, free
and frank dialogues right across the region, um,
where we are not misconstrued as government.
So we are getting free and frank assessments.
So it might be that country ex says to us, you know,
in New Zealand you're saying this,
but actually this is what we see,
and it means that we can put those messages back into the
New Zealand system, uh, and they can then adjust, um, and,
and bear that in mind with their policy with their country.
It also means we might get, um, told
what countries are thinking about
and doing in a way that's perhaps a little bit ahead
of government, but it gives us early warning signs of, um,
you know, from even yesterday we're talking career
and tech and nuclear weapons.
That just depends what the topic is.
Um, so to give you a quick example, um, for example,
in the last, uh, five to six months,
if you take a country like Vietnam, um,
we have published a report in support
of leader level engagement.
So really, um, would you actually grab, um,
this type of report?
We were, we are making sure it's ready
for high level engagement backed with stats, things
that New Zealanders need to know on the relationship
that gives anyone who's looking at Vietnam, um,
and say, celebrating the 50th anniversary, um,
or proper well-researched contemporary, um,
information on say Vietnam.
Uh, we've hosted Vietnam's Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs,
uh, provided a platform for a public engagement,
um, reported a podcast.
So we're bringing the New Zealand public along
with these relationships.
Why is New Zealand government investing in them?
We are helping tell that story to the New Zealand public.
Um, we've host, we've run media coverage
and track two dialogues with the Diplomatic Academy
of Vietnam who are vietnams leading thinkers
and share those, those insights.
Uh, we have taken a creative delegation to Vietnam, who,
which has then led to residencies.
So we sort of try and create this, um, snowball effect.
Last month we brought together 130 entrepreneurs in Vietnam
who are the future of our trade relationship.
Um, with this dynamic country, uh, demand
for our programs is growing.
Um, when you look at internships alone in the last year,
demand's grown by just over 800%.
This tells us that New Zealanders,
but importantly, young New Zealanders are seeing Asia skills
and capabilities as valuable to their future.
Um, so that on the whole,
but they, they want these opportunities to be targeted
and useful or sort of market ready skills.
That on the whole is a good trend,
although we are seeing the erosion
of Asia expertise across New Zealand universities.
Um, and you know, that's sort of out of step
with the macro trends, um,
but it also shows us
that we certainly at the foundation are able
to provide a service that keeps young talent in New Zealand
and that we can provide, um, real time opportunities
that hone their skills in a way that's directly valuable
to New Zealand public and private sector.
Uh, casting out more broadly, a research shows that over 80%
of the New Zealand public now sees Asia
building Asia relationships, political economic security
as important to our future, um,
up from 67% just a few years ago.
So the also at the wider New Zealand, uh,
picture the trend is quite clear.
So we know New Zealand for New Zealand Asia
relationships are front and center.
Um, we are small, but we've got strong nu numbers.
Um, and just to finish up, to give you a sense of this, uh,
for POA alone, uh, during our launch between the 20th
and 30th of June, 2025,
the report got 1.39 million impressions
and just over 14,000 users opening
and engaging with our live data tool.
Um, the report generated hundreds of online engagements
with New Zealanders sharing their stories about
how they have connected with the region,
and that in itself stimulating a public
discussion on these relationships.
The report's been presented at Lowy, Melbourne University,
national University of Singapore,
and has been picked up by New Zealand Media
and across, um, New Zealand embassies, uh, based here.
Um, I'll finish there, that seven minutes.
We really appreciate this opportunity to present to you.
I'll pass to Julia to now go into
the specifics of the report.
Thanks, SU Moreno Kozo.
Um, I see that you all have a copy
of the survey in front of you.
Um, it's in its 28th year now and it provides the foundation
and New Zealand really with a key way
of tracking New Zealanders views of the region
of different countries
and of connections, um, to Asia as a whole.
So each year, two thirds of the questions remain the same.
That's to preserve the longitudinal value of the survey.
And one third we can change up each year to be more agile,
flexible, respond to events and issues in the region.
This year's survey took place between November
and December, 2024 because a lot changed between December
and the planned release date of June.
We decided to update some of the statistics
and we released a mini poll in March, 2025 to retest some
of the key questions.
And so what you'll see in the survey is the presentation
of both sets of results, which shows quite a contrast.
Um, so in the interest of time, um,
I realize it's a long report.
I'm gonna highlight some of the key data points, um, for you
and then we can move into q and a.
So first, new Zealanders are clearly continuing
to recognize the strategic importance
of Asia to New Zealand's future.
Asia remains the second most important region to New Zealand
after Australia, and it's held this place.
And since we started this asking this question 10 years ago
today, four outta five New Zealanders.
So 80% of New Zealanders see the Asia region as important
or very important to New Zealand's future.
And we can see this importance reflected in growing
knowledge levels, um, with New Zealanders
who say they know at least a fair amount about Asia almost
doubling in the past decade.
Within Asia, north Asia has always been seen
as the most important region to New New Zealand's future
by a vast majority of New Zealanders.
So 80% in this year's survey,
Southeast Asia is also on the rise at 4% to 51%
of New Zealanders seeing the region as important.
And South Asia held steady at 46% this survey,
but it had had a bump
of six percentage points in the previous year.
At the country level, China
and Japan are seen as the most important countries
to New Zealand's future by quite a significant margin,
followed by India, Singapore, and South Korea.
And these rankings remain unchanged from last year.
Turning to friend and threat perceptions.
New Zealanders are showing increased weariness
of great powers, um,
but also an appreciation of growing partnerships
with other countries in the region.
I think you see that in the results
of this survey this year.
We saw warm, we saw warming sentiment, uh,
towards all countries in Asia, with the exception
of North Korea, uh, which New Zealanders still see
as the most threatening country in the region.
Uh, Japan continues to be seen
as New Zealand's closest friend, um,
and has been since we started asking the question in 2017.
This matches similar polling results in Australia, also
where Japan ranks top in the region.
Japan has followed by Singapore,
the Philippines, and South Korea.
Again, a result unchanged from last year.
But what has changed is the results
for the South Asia Southeast Asia region.
Um, all Southeast Asian countries received a boost of eight
to 10 percentage points in friends sentiment this year
as good South Korea.
So the demonstrating the growing warmth towards these
countries, and I think a growing recognition
of their strategic importance for all of these countries,
growing people to people links through tourism, education,
immigration, and
of course New Zealanders love for Asian food.
Um, a key to contributing to warming perceptions
and deeper friendships.
And you can see this actually in the rapidly, uh,
warming sentiment towards the Philippines,
where friend perceptions have increased 19% over the
past five years alone.
New Zealanders are also showing
continued wariness of great powers.
As I mentioned, over the past few years, views
of China have been mixed, and this year is no different.
Um, although China is seen as the most important country
to New Zealand's future, it is also seen
as a net threat in our March mini poll results
with 41% seeing it as a threat and 21% as a friend.
Uh, threatening countries in the survey is are defined, uh,
as those viewed with caution and suspicion.
And perceptions are often informed by events in the world,
by behaviors internationally.
And we see perceptions often spike in response
to events as they happen.
And we can see this in the results, uh,
for the United States, which also showed a significant drop
in friends sentiment.
By March of this year, pre perceptions
of the US dropped from 61% to 32%,
and the same proportion of New Zealanders see the
United States as a threat.
Um, this again matches polling results
that we've seen in Australia and also around the world.
Unsurprisingly, trust in both major powers
to act responsibly in the world is at an all time low.
While Japan, uh, continues to be the country.
New Zealanders trust the most in the region, again,
matching results from Australia and also polling from
Southeast Asia where they see Japan
as the the most responsible actor.
Uh, while trade ties remain a priority
for relationship building,
new Zealanders are seeing broader economic opportunities in
technology and innovation hubs, as well as in sec, um,
defense and security cooperation.
So the perceived importance of investing energy
and resources in building partnerships
with Asian countries is up 9% this year with 92%.
Seeing this as at least somewhat important in terms of
where New Zealanders see potential.
Singapore, South Korea and Japan are all seen
as offering trade opportunities as well as being hubs
for technology and innovation.
And India is identified as an important trade opportunity
as well as a rising power.
And if we look at defense and security partnerships, Japan,
South Korea and Singapore, again rise to the top.
And these rankings were unchanged from the previous survey,
but notably this year, um, each country is up nine
to 10 percentage points
and importance, again, reflecting recognition
of the importance of having partnerships across economic,
political and security issues.
Uh, continuing the defense
and security theme, we asked a few additional questions this
year reflecting the changing international environment.
Um, one was around defense spending.
Um, when it comes to defense spending, 37%
of New Zealanders believe the government spends the right
amount on defense, 35% thinks, um, it should spend more.
While only 11% of New Zealanders think, um,
that New Zealand should spend less on defense.
When, um, asked about New Zealanders views of orus,
there hadn't been public polling on ORUS when we issued the
survey in November and December.
And so we included it in this survey at the, um,
the results were mixed, um,
but tend more positive than negative.
35%
of New Zealanders think the arrangement will make the Asia
of region safer, while only 7% think it will
make the region less safe.
In terms of what New Zealanders are most worried about, um,
in terms of threats to vital interests, fake news
and disinformation, climate change
and cyber attacks continue to rank
as the top grief threats to vital interests.
This actually contrasts with Australia,
where concern about a military conflict in the region
ranks much higher at second in their list compared
to 11th for us.
And a couple of final points now, um,
on Asia related literacy and media consumption.
So the survey shows New Zealanders continue
to recognize the importance of having Asia related skills
and capability for the future of New Zealand's workforce.
So 92% of New Zealanders think
that having confidence in dealing
with people from Asian cultures is at
least somewhat important.
And 76%
of New Zealanders feel at least fairly confident in dealing
with people of Asian backgrounds.
Um, in terms of language learning, Mandarin
and Japanese are the languages
that New Zealanders would most like
to learn if there is an opportunity to do so.
Though the perceived importance
of understanding Asian languages, cultures
and societies has declined over the past couple of years,
and this is a trend we're tracking since ultimately these
are the skills that enable people to feel confident
and engaging, um, in Asia.
Finally, where are the perceptions coming from
and how are they being shaped?
Uh, it's clear that online media will become the dominant,
um, source of news on Asia for New Zealanders,
and that social media accounts
for an increasingly significant proportion of that,
especially among younger age groups.
So as a foundation, we're thinking hard about
what this means for knowledge levels, um, on Asia,
how we can supplement social media as a source
of information, especially again
for the younger people of New Zealand.
Um, the Asian Media Center obviously plays a crucial role
there as New Zealand's de only dedicated, um,
Asian news source, as does our outreach
and engagement across universities in New Zealand.
So that concludes my brief summary
of results relevant to this committee.
Um, just to flag a couple of activities
for the research program coming up.
We spent many years, um,
surveying New Zealanders views of Asia.
Um, we have, um, pilot results
of a survey looking at Southeast Asian views of New Zealand
to flip the survey around.
So we're looking forward to releasing those results
in the next couple of months.
Um, and given the pace of change in the world around us,
we're also leaning more heavily into more frequent mini
polls and to try
and track New Zealander's views, uh,
more frequently over the year rather than these simple
annual snapshots that we produce.
So I'll stop there and we're happy
to answer any questions that you might have.
Fascinating. Thank you very much for that insight, Connor.
Uh, look, thank you very much. You're very, very good.
Um, do you, do you think that um, perhaps we, we are at risk
of not being able to see the trees for the wood?
Um, usually the other way around that is
that we are targeting Asia
and it's made up of, of a number of different quite cultures
that, that are different
and that by taking an an Asia approach, we are not
better identifying the opportunities in Indonesia
or if it's say Vietnam or,
and so is it time for us
to be a little more refined in our
assessments in our relationships?
Is that a question for New Zealand more
broadly or for the foundation?
Well, given the foundation is doing a lot of, I guess, um,
foundation work, pardon, pardon, you know,
around people's understanding of market opportunities.
Yeah. Do you think it's, it may be time for, for you
or for other groups to break up into kind
of more country specific analysis? Yeah.
Um, a couple of thoughts there
and Julie, you you'll no doubt have
something much more sensible to say.
But, um, the, for when we first started,
it was a concern in 1994, um,
that there is this huge important region
that we have no sense of really and what's happening there.
We needed to upskill ourselves.
So it really was a, what is this region?
And let's go about it. Over the past 30 years,
we have no question gone from, uh,
Asia is this homogenous idea to now much more sophisticated,
not only country, but sector specific information.
What I would say though, for us,
and when we are being quite small, one of our advantages
to the system is being, um, able to move toward,
um, where we see those opportunities.
Our eight director, you know, the heads
of those programs are all leading experts on say,
creative sector across Asia, entrepreneurship across Asia.
And their, their level of being attuned to
where they think they can take clusters
of New Zealand doesn't really make an impact
and then key them into those either sectors and countries.
Um, the other thing is the research tells us
that when New Zealanders think Asia, they think China.
And so for quite some time perceptions of Asia was designed
to say, Hey, look, New Zealand,
China is a really important partner, a very,
very important trade partner,
but don't forget all of these other countries now,
as we see coming through in the research, thanks to
efforts across so many sectors, um, we are now able
to sort of stretch that out.
And that's why we do this is just the macro longitudinal
data at every country and sector.
We have much more specific information available. Does
So, so if I could say that's a yes to my question, um,
that that is that what should we do to better focus, um,
you know, I know you have limited resources,
but I mean we have NZTE, we have nfa,
and you know, we have you doing some good work.
Um, what, what's your advice on how we can better
understand, focus
and take up the opportunities in, in each
of those Asian markets?
I mean both from a cultural,
not just a transactional perspective. Yeah,
I think we're getting much,
much better at operating as NZ Inc.
Um, so one of the things we try
and do is really make sure
that like next week we will be doing a full
year long plan ahead.
What's NZT doing? What are their priorities?
How do, how do we make sure we are
complimentary to the effort?
What are all the trends they're seeing? What are we seeing?
How do we sort of join that up so that we're not duplicating
and that we are really adding?
Can I interrupt because please, sorry Mr.
Chairman time interrupt yourself.
Just carry no on, on on the basis of NGT.
They have a customer focus. Yep.
And, and you have an Asia focus.
I guess the question is how do we, given
that China is still a focus
and everyone talks of an overdependence,
why are we not perhaps more quickly moving to some
of those other market opportunities?
So once again, meaning New Zealand,
Well, what advice could you give to actually,
I guess expand the focus beyond China
In Asia?
So I think a lot comes down to, um, you know,
we know from our research that how the,
the government is leading on these important relationships.
So it's really important having a leader level
and, um, all
of you speaking about these important relationships.
China's very important, but don't forget, um, so
that definitely comes through in the research.
Second is we know
that New Zealanders are getting their information from a
range of particularly online sources.
So we are trying to really make sure
that we are providing curated data
for New Zealanders saying look at these growth rates.
Don't forget these other markets.
But also our directors are keyed into
those New Zealand sectors.
So sometimes, you know, when we can't, we just simply can't
with our numbers reach all of New Zealand.
So that's where we really try and work with industry leads
and other decision makers who then can tell us
who the critical players are.
Thirdly, there is clearly I think an underinvestment in
terms of the growing the pipeline.
So we are doing what we can to grow that pipeline
of Asia capable New Zealanders,
but we are in the track two space across New Zealand's
University dealing with an ever dwindling number
of Asia experts.
Um, and that means that for those track two dialogues,
for they our spokespeople too.
Um, and if we can now count on one hand who they are,
and in the past we've had a lot of them that that's worrying
because then um, foreign experts will fill that void
and we will have offshore experts saying this is, you know,
because media will have to go
offshore to find that expertise. Thank you.
Um, Ken, just to jump to,
I think it's page 72 in your report in relation to defense
and security concerns, um, interested firstly,
whether you asked the question of the perception of
likelihood of conflict or not,
because your question there is seems
to be there is conflict, where is it going to be in Asia?
Mm-hmm. You ask separately a question on do you think
there will be conflict in Asia?
Because looking at that, saying that 42% of people think
that there's gonna trying
around the next 10 years seems quite high.
Mm-hmm. Um,
and would certainly have an impact on relationship.
Um, so yeah. Can you delve into that a little more?
Yeah. It was about the likelihood of conflict occurring.
Um, and so you'll see there's about a quarter
of New Zealanders who think it's likely to occur and,
and they were given their pre-populated list.
So they basically were ranking
and those specific contingencies rather than
coming up with them on their own.
And so basically assessing the likelihood that they think
that conflict would occur in the next 10 years.
So the Korean peninsula, the South China Sea, um,
dispute Taiwan, um,
and then a number said that they don't know, um,
and a small percent said they didn't think any
of those would likely happen.
Right, okay. So the 9% is people
that think there will be no conflict for
The next 10 years? Yes, exactly
right. It's a very small
Number. It is a very small number,
although I will say it's, um,
it's interesting on the Taiwan results,
which I think is 23%,
although some of these numbers get
blurry in my head after a while.
Um, but that's actually 61% in Australia
who are concerned about that.
61%. 61%. They're
Right. So
Yeah. Can you just give us some
insight on
how those numbers here have shifted in the last
Weeks? So that's
not a longitudinal question for us.
So unfortunately that's just this year,
but we can retest it next year and see if that's changed.
So that's one of the ones that we added in this year.
A new question? Yeah,
Just, just can you just tell me who you are surveying?
Mm, I was like really interested
that they had such strong opinions.
Yeah, no, it's true. I was surprised on that, on a number
of the defense insecurity questions.
Yeah. In particular. Um,
so it is a representative sample of New Zealand.
We work with a survey company Ipsos, who um, collect a panel
of New Zealanders 2,300, um, that are representative
by region age, gender, ethnicity,
and the, the views are weighted
and that sample is weighted according to census data
to make sure that it's representative of New Zealand.
Are they selected for being well-informed?
No, no, they are absolutely. Yeah.
Everybody, they are contracted
to be out on the street New Zealand. Great.
So we can break it down by education level for example.
And we do that in some of the data that we represent to show
what the, what the differences might be based on
where you live, um, ethnicity
or education levels to show how views might change.
Time for a couple of quick question. I know, I mean,
There might be prisoners of the
algorithm of all of us as well.
I I was wondering about, um,
what your report told you about Myanmar?
Yeah. What you had on Myanmar.
What about what, uh, what, what, what,
what did you hear back about that?
Not a lot to be honest.
There were a few countries that, um,
new Zealanders don't know a huge amount about
and Myanmar, Indonesia, that Indonesia falls in
that bracket actually as well.
Um, that there isn't, um, when you look at sort
of relative importance to New Zealand and the limits,
and last year when we asked about
interest levels in learning more, um,
percentages are quite low.
And so part of what we use this for is to guide the research
and outreach program for the foundation to try
and shine a light on those countries
that New Zealanders don't show either much knowledge on
or interest in learning about.
But, and so, um, to supplement
that this month we've hosted New Zealand's, um,
leading New Zealand expert on Myanmar to
and broaden all the leading representatives so
that he's giving a candid frank account over a,
a round table session to say what's the absolute latest in
Myanmar, what's happening?
Um, what, what's happening across the border?
What's happening with third country relations?
We are writing about Myanmar on the
Asian Media Center website.
We did a podcast, hosting a podcast on Myanmar.
So where we see the, it's not kind of on the radar,
we then go into action mode ourselves using our programs.
Uh, and I just, one, one other question you,
you said earlier around that having leader
to leader in conversations
and stuff like that, what, what in your mind,
what is a quality engagement?
Um, mm so for example, we have
to speaker delegations going over to
Yeah, it's a really good question
On the, I can speak to the track two side.
Um, when, when we go out
and with our delegations, we're spending full days, um,
with our counterparts in a very, uh, Chatham House free
and frank environment
where we can have very in depth discussions
and a trusted environment
where they know they can share their views
and they're not going to be quoted or misused in any way.
And so I think it's the depth of those discussions
that really is the value add
that the foundation can bring back to the
New Zealand system.
And I think for more broadly for New Zealand,
I think there's been impression that um, for many years
that New Zealand foreign policy was trade policy.
We heard feedback that we um,
and traders existential for New Zealand.
So I don't think New Zealanders, you know,
we can be fairly unashamed about our need
to be connected to markets.
Um, but I think we're getting much,
much better at the relationship piece.
Um, so really making sure that we are taking time
to understand cultures
and connect with a wider, um, cohort
of connections across the region.
And that's where we can help because we have um, networks,
but we've got senior contacts who are living in the region
who can say, Hey look,
if you're gonna bring together a wider, um, representation
of people, I suggest you connect with these people.
So, and then they stay in as champions in the market
for us, we don't rotate.
So we are not like, um, mission, uh, embassies
where every three years people are changing, you know,
I'm Admir Julia and hers.
So that too is sort of a strength.
Um, our, a lot of our networks,
we have people with us for 20 years.
So it's a, uh, for um,
that in itself I think is a bit of a,
for New Zealand and Asia relations. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, absolutely. Alright, thank you very much.
Unfortunately, we have come to end of our time, um,
but really appreciate your insights there
and I think it's a great idea that you're looking
at some more mini surveys too.
Mm-hmm. Obviously we've seen a lot of things happening.
Yeah. Um, you know, from the defense side, Thailand,
Cambodia and India, Pakistan, yeah.
A lot In the last few months as well,
so would potentially impact on that.
But um, yeah, I think we would be very keen
to stay in touch as well.
Great, great. As a committee.
So thank you again for coming in. Thank you.
Thank you. Cheers.